Add MC 5.7.0 release notes (#435)
hazelcast/management-center-docs: docs/modules/release-notes/pages/releases.adoc

= Hazelcast Management Center 5.7.x release notes

> The following pages summarize the changes in each release:

Reviewer: Thinking about our slack chat and my 'section' suggestion...

> The following pages summarize the changes in each release:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section summarize the changes in each release:
```
